Updating links with no redirects to fix the broken links (#195)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/docs/terraform-tools.mdx

|Name | Maintainer |Description| Tutorial |
|-----|------------|-----------|----------|
| [Plugin SDK](/plugin/sdkv2) | HashiCorp | Develop your own Terraform providers. | [Setup and Implement Read](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/provider-setup?in=terraform/providers) |

> |[Plugin Framework](/plugin/framework) | HashiCorp | A new SDK to develop your own Terraform providers. The framework provides improvements and additional features beyond what is available in the Plugin SDK. | [Implement Create and Read with the Terraform Plugin Framework](/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework/providers-plugin-framework-resource-create) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Plugin Framework](/plugin/framework) | HashiCorp | A new SDK to develop your own Terraform providers. The framework provides improvements and additional features beyond what is available in the Plugin SDK. | [Implement a Provider with the Terraform Plugin Framework](/terraform/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework/providers-plugin-framework-provider) |
```

> |[Plugin Framework](/plugin/framework) | HashiCorp | A new SDK to develop your own Terraform providers. The framework provides improvements and additional features beyond what is available in the Plugin SDK. | [Implement Create and Read with the Terraform Plugin Framework](/terraform/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework/providers-plugin-framework-resource-create) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Plugin Framework](/plugin/framework) | HashiCorp | A new SDK to develop your own Terraform providers. The framework provides improvements and additional features beyond what is available in the Plugin SDK. | [Implement Create and Read with the Terraform Plugin Framework](/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework/providers-plugin-framework-resource-create) |
```
